Hostnali Webhost
letspaylimited.com

About Let’s Pay
Introduction
Let's Pay is an international private limited company with a presence in Kenya.  Let's Pay was formed in 2009 by professionals from the card payment domain, the technology and banking domain, who share a common vision to implement a secure payment platform system, targeting the global market. Let's Pay also focuses on emerging mobile technology offers secure electronic payment services using a mobile application (mobile app) for facilitating various payments like collecting and managing revenues, bill payments, etc., through Account/Wallet/Card. Let's Pay is a tier one bank core system used across all continents of the world.
Let’s Pay is an international trademark brand also registered in KENYA.


STRENGTHS
Domain Expertise of Let's Pay – Let's Pay Technical team has a wealth of Domain expertise and has on its rolls subject matter experts who have participated in similar projects and interact with the users at all levels. This enables Let's Pay to quickly respond to the user requirements and deliver quality solutions in time as per user requirements. Their subject-matter experts also offer valuable insights into good practices in their respective domains by virtue of their experience 
Support of Let's Pay - The commitment and sincerity of Let's Pay service engineers is something to be experienced to believe. Let's Pay support services are extended through the Customer Support Centre 24/7 help desk support team to support customers from different time zones and through an efficient support process using their automated workflow-based helpdesk & the engineers of Let's Pay have a wealth of experience in development, implementation, and project management. 
Technological Competence - Let's Pay engineers are technologically competent to deliver complex solutions. 
Understanding business requirements of Clients - Having worked very closely with clients in different countries for 9+ years, Let's Pay has a good understanding of business requirements. The software application, with its salient features and functionalities, once implemented, greatly enhances the quality of services rendered by the Government to its citizens.
Quality of Let's Pay – Let's Pay will provide solutions and services, whose quality standards will be second to none.  
The group has a vision to expand the business of providing the most efficient & customer-centric services.
Strong team of highly motivated professionals, operating in various segments, providing state-of-the-art IT solutions and services.


LetsPay is a Web & mobility-based platform, targeted towards facilitating Government Departments to collect and manage revenue payments more seamlessly & conveniently. This is a holistic platform, which facilitates the collection of payments using Cash, Debit, and credit Cards & Mobile Wallets and direct bank deposit from consumers and also supports other ERP modules like Human Resource Management, Electronic Document Management, Case Management, Fleet Management, Licenses, Property & Land Rates. Let’sPay is a real time system, with secure audit trails, automatic reports, and self-reconciling without human intervention. It is the most secure and customized system in Kenya. It is a tier one banking core system currently used by banks, financial institutions, insurance companies, and governments across all continents of the world. It has been used in Kenya with great success.


1000+ man-years of experience across payment and enterprise domains
A pool of human minds with deep-rooted knowledge across multiple industry verticals
Work with you end-to-end.
Stay till the end to ensure you get the objectives fulfilled
Hands-on approach
Secure Robust Platform. The platform is already used in Banks for Payment.
System used internationally by leading banks, governments, and corporates.
The System has a mobile App for both Android & IOS.
This is an ERP for Integrated Financial Management.
Real Audit Trial.
Our system issues a printed, emailed, or e-receipt for every transaction.
Real-Time Actionable Reports.
Remote Payment.
All reports on the single window.
Cost-effective.
GPS Tagged Payments.
Multiple methods of payment
Systems include Business Intelligence & AI.


Let’sPay LTD is a high technology company involved in the development, design, and customization of secure management systems serving the following industries:
Banking, Finance, and Insurance Industries
Medical & Health Solutions
Energy Systems & Equipment
ICT Networks, Integration, Design, and Installations
Security Design, Consultancy, Installation, Risk & Threat Analysis
Security Printing
Civil, Mechanical, Electrical, and Electronic Engineering integration systems


OUR EXPERIENCE
Network Infrastructure and Connectivity
Security and Surveillance Systems
Cloud Computing, hosting, archiving, 
Big Data and AI
Business Intelligence & Communication
Secure Communication System
Intelligent Power Transmission
Smart Grid
Structured Cabling
IT Consulting
E-government
E-payment
E-learning
Wireless Infrastructure
IP Networks
Video Conferencing


Why Us
Experience 
 	 1000+ man-years of experience across payment and enterprise domains
Professional Expertise
 	Worked in multiple risk regions and verticals
 	A pool of human minds with deep-rooted knowledge across multiple industry verticals
Hands-on approach inception-to-Closure
        Work with you end-to-end
        Stay till the end to ensure you get the objectives fulfilled
Focus on empowering the SME
        We work with SMEs as a separate focus area
        This is to empower them to use the power of automation while managing risk in a controlled environment
SELF OWNED 
OFFICE, STORAGE 
AND 
WORKING FACILITIES


Let’sPay Mobile application enables multi-model (card, internet/mobile) cross-border money transfers. This comprises Mobile Wallet, mPOS, Mobile Banking, and Gift Voucher, Let'sPay enabling simplified P2P, P2G, G2G, and B2G mobile payments.
Pay provides SMS Banking, Pay Switch, Pre-payment, Gift, Wallets, Tokens, Internet Banking,

An increase in revenue collection can be achieved through employing county revenue instruments for tax collection, as well as exploiting and harnessing all available sources of revenue in their localities, and devising a cost-effective means of collecting revenues. 


Whenever a new tech solution makes its debut, someone tries to hack it. Despite the growing popularity of mobile banking, security breaches continue to pose a significant threat. Players will need to ensure their mobile platforms can provide a high level of data security. Doing so is crucial for instilling and maintaining trust in the entire ecosystem.

Artificial intelligence is increasingly used in finance to predict suspect activities and make risk assessments. 
While AI helps in getting more done than thought possible even 10 years ago, there is no substitute for human discretion and expertise when it comes to complex financial services.


Let's Pay ERP, consisting of 
Registration Module through various channels like Online, Agents, Mobile, 
Set up Revenue Services
Set up Non-Revenue Services
Land Rates, Building Plans
Property Management
Licenses
Fees & Charges
Fleet Management
Case Management
Collections Management
Service Maintenance
Business Intelligence System
Human Resource Management
Electronic Document Management (E-DMS)


G2C App- One App. Many Possibilities
Anytime, handy Governance Assist and Citizen Connect
G2C is a unique new way to take care of all your interactions with government in one convenient place — saving time, worry, and frustration to both authorities and citizens. Enabling 2-way smooth and effective frictionless communication and transactions.


Mobiles are everywhere; with the advent of smartphones, the proliferation has been exponential. Increasingly mobile is transforming from a simple communication tool into a powerful, all-pervasive enabler of payments, transactions, and accelerating business growth. Let's Pay is at the forefront of the mobility wave with its Let’s Pay Mobile Payment platform. Further, churning out an array of mobile applications across domains.


v payment transmitted to the Headquarters in real time.
GPS restricts the gadget's movement to unauthorized areas
     location
Rugged Handheld PDA:
√ Android 8.1 system
√ 5.5-inch captive touch screen
√ Bluetooth 4.0/WiFi/3G/4G/GPS
√ 1D/2D barcode scanner LF/HF/UHF RFID
√ (4800mAh) over 10 hours 
Mobile Application enables easy cashless QR
Payment
REAL TIME OFF-SITE PAYMENT OF LICENSES. THE RECEIPT & THE LICENSE  ISSUED SHALL HAVE A QR CODE


OVERCOMING THE CHALLENGE OF BIG DATA MANAGEMENT AND SYSTEM DOWNTIME

Let’s Pay enterprise storage solutions offer the reliability, performance, and flexibility necessary to support today’s data-intensive digital enterprises. High performance, high availability, and flexible options for scaling are all part of the Let’sPay portfolio, designed to help your company empower competitive advantage at a multi-petabyte scale.
The Let’sPay portfolio covers a full range of robust storage and data protection capabilities, easily leveraged to address the biggest data management and data protection challenges for private, public, and hybrid cloud architectures. Primary storage, cloud storage, business continuity, and disaster recovery are all supported by Let’sPay solutions.


PROTECTION STARTS WITH HIGH RELIABILITY 
SEVEN NINES OF AVAILABILITY 
At Let’s Pay, data protection starts when the data lands in the array. InfiniBox is designed with seven nines (99.99999%) availability—the equivalent of less than three seconds of downtime per year—a level of reliability no other storage vendor comes close to today. Many competitive solutions can only achieve five nines (99.999%) of availability. The difference between InfiniBox’s seven nines and other storage arrays providing five nines effectively makes InfiniBox 100 times more reliable, making your data that much more accessible. 


P.O.BOX 64690-0060
NAIROBI, KENYA
TEL: +254 722 520 906/0720 22 66 66 
EMAIL: btheuri@letspayltd.com
Website: www.letspayltd.com


HOSPITAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (HMIS)
ONE CITIZEN, ONE CARD, 
ONE RECORD
All Medical Records are available in all hospitals across the county


Secure.
Transparent.
Robust.


IT solutions provider for Financial & Enterprise 
verticals
Have comprehensive & emerging technology-based products for the Payment, Health & HR domains
Software solution to address end-to-end business requirements and meet the needs of customers
Have nearly 1000 Man Years of experience
Consultation on handling payment associations like VISA and Mastercard operations
Testing of Payment Delivery Channels like ATM,  POS, HMIS, etc.
Staffing Solution for offshore & onsite projects


Our ambition is to
 improve health care
 for all of our people,
 But we understand 
that we can’t put a 
level 6 public hospital in every village. We believe that citizens, in every part of the country, should have access to basic healthcare. There are various strategies to do so, and one of those strategies is telemedicine.



